# Semester Project | Spring 2019 | Art Department | Queens College

* **Do not edit this file.**  
* **Do not start this project until you have read these instructions carefully.**

## File List
1. `README.md`
2. `content/content--arvo-part.txt`
3. `content/content--boards-of-canada.txt`
4. `content/content--dawn-of-midi.txt`
5. `css/reset.css`
6. `img/`

## Instructions
This assignment is designed to initiate you into the world of creating web pages using HTML and CSS, employing what you’ve learned thus far and adding your own design sense.

Create and style a single- or multi-page web site using the pre-defined content from either `content--arvo-part.txt`, `content--boards-of-canada.txt`, or `content--dawn-of-midi.txt`. Each is in the `content` folder.

Once you’ve settled on a text file, populate `index.html` with that file’s content matched with your careful and semantic choice of HTML syntax. (**Note**: *You may __not__ modify the content in any of the `.txt` files.*)

With the content marked up, style the page to your liking using CSS. There’s no restriction on what you may do design-wise.

## Before You Begin
1. Log in to GitHub.
2. Fork this repo(sitory). See [this video](http://code-warrior.github.io/tutorials/git/github/forking-and-cloning-at-the-github-web-site/) on how to carry out this step and step `3`.
3. Clone your fork, using either the web site or the GitHub Desktop client.
4. Checkout your personalized branch, the one with your name and GitHub user handle.

## Rules
* Only submit files that are required by your project: Do not submit working files, such as `.psd`, `.ai`, `.indd`, or `.sketch` files.
* Use lowercase, combined with kebab case, to name folders and files (`do-this` or `do-this.html`); no spaces in folder or file names (`not this`); no camel case (`notThis`); no snake case (`not_this`).
* Place all your `.html` files in the root of this repo.
* Place all your `.css` files in the `css` folder.
* Any images you might use must go in the `img` folder.
* Images must be cropped to proper size; no larger-than-needed images.
* Load `reset.css` at the top of your style sheet stack. See the file in the `css` folder.
* Do not alter or remove any of the `.gitignore` files.

## Validate/Lint
During the first week of class, you were supposed to install the `w3c-validation` and `linter-stylelint` packages for Atom. These are tools that check the syntax of your HTML and CSS as you author web pages in Atom. You’re strongly advised to use them, as I use them to grade your projects.

* The W3C validator (`w3c-validation`) should not generate any errors. Warnings are fine.
* Stylelint (`linter-stylelint`) should not generate any errors. Warnings are fine.

## Due Date
*No late work will be accepted*

10:00 PM on Sunday, 5 May 2019.

## Grading
| Item                                              | Points |
|---------------------------------------------------|:------:|
| **Non project-related files included**            | `20`   |
| **Quality of design**                             | `20`   |
| **Valid HTML**                                    | `15`   |
| **Valid CSS**                                     | `15`   |
| **Proper naming of folders and files**            | `10`   |
| **HTML files placed in proper scaffold location** | `5`    |
| **CSS files placed in proper scaffold location**  | `5`    |
| **Reset CSS document used**                       | `5`    |
| **Proper image sizing**                           | `5`    |

## Submission
Issue a pull request back into the original repo, the one from which your fork was created. See the **Issuing Pull Requests** section of [this site](http://code-warrior.github.io/tutorials/git/github/index.html) for help on how to submit your assignment.

**Note**: This assignment may *only* be submitted via GitHub. **No other form of submission will be accepted**
